# deductions
Reflections on symbols, logic, and praxis at the end of thought

There is great disparity between logic in the classical sense and the contemporary sense. From the standpoint of analytic thought, the latter is more objective, theoretical--more cleansed of linguistic influence. Cleansing is the objective here--removal of those aspects of continental, classical, and non-western philosophical thought. Scrubbing philosophy down to equations, logic becomes an intangible, absolute holy object. 
Deduction and assertion are sacred endevours by all accounts, though the aesthetics of it all are controversial. Linguistics is a descriptive science which does not concern itself with the ascent of ideals, but revelation about human society. Many things can be uncovered by this, which turns the sacred ground of philosophy into desacralized consensus--born from the unholy root of humanity, not the pure ideal. The ground is closing in from all sides. At the extent of logic and linguistics, philosophy is nothing more than a mistake. 
Meaning is desired, it is deduced, it is analyzed. At the total completion of thought, it is non-existent, just as it was prior to the genesis of philosophy. However, deduction and assertion are sacred endevours by all accounts, and it is through the ideal and the sacred that all things can be brought into the world. Thusly, it is now the burden of us to map the terrain at the end of everything, seeking to find the broken shards of meaning shattered by totality, and see what is able to be composed with their reflecting glances of light.

deductions is a series of essays by Z.J. Rubin meant to analyze meaning in philosophy, literature, science, and everyday life, particularly at the edge between the philosophical and linguistic backgrounds of the author and contemporary logic, analytic philosophy, and science. deductions is pushing the terrain of cultural, philosophical, and legal analysis to the breaking point--trying or dying to create sparks of light in the consuming darkness of knowledge at the advent of our accelerating knowledge of the world and society. 
